The had defeated an Annis Hag and her Troll Husband that had been kidnapping and eating children that were orphans of the war. While looting the party found an onyx black symbol of a fairy among the loot. They have yet to know but a cult led by [[Prince Reginald]] has been ensuing chaos throughout the land to begin to bring a powerful demon back to the world of the living. On the journey back the party ran into a gaggle of kobolds and halflings, the halflings had robbed the kobolds and the party inadvertently helped them and then killed 2 of the 3 halflings leaving one alive, maybe one day to come back and enact revenge on the party TBC. Also on the way to the capital the party met a group of traveling bards named Big Time Lost who would be playing in the traders guild at a large party in 3 days. The contracts the party wants to turn in will amount to 60pp a person only if they can prove it was a Hag taking the children W/O the evidence only 30pp a person. DC to see if they can convince the guild member there was a hag will be either persuasion 16 or a deception 18 or performance 15-18. 

After that if they show the emblem to the guild member she, Betty Cocket a gnome woman with blonde hair, will explain that adventures have been finding them around in their quests and have to yet to know what they are. Also that there was a quest posted by the Armorers Guild to figure out the origin on the emblems to get more to make them into adamantine armor and weapons with it as it is a very rare resource in [[Avaloria]]. From there the party will find out that the last party of adventures have yet to return and have been missing for a month. The first destination of those adventurers that set out was [[Stonegate]] to figure our if the dwarves there have found it in the mines.